Fix multiservice discovery test (#153)
dfinity/dre: rs/ic-observability/multiservice-discovery/README.md

Containers built by the DRE repository CI are published to [GHCR](https://ghcr.io/dfinity/dre/).
They are only built from PRs stemming from branches named `container-*`.

## Test

> We are performing these checks to ensure that the multiservice-discovery fetches all the necessary targets
> before deploying it in production.
> If less or erroneus targets end up in production, we risk compromising the observability stack leading
> to incomplete or erroneus observability data.
> If the mainnet registry gets updated or if the logic for target discovery is modified,
> this assertions should be updated accordingly.
> One can run the multiservice-discovery from local and manually update the targets after inspection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests check if the multiservice-discovery lists all expected targets.
If less than expected, or if some incorrect targets end up in production, we risk compromising the entire observability stack and the public dashboard.
Whenever the mainnet registry gets updated or if the logic for target discovery is modified, the tests need to be updated accordingly.

The tests can be run locally for inspection:

```

```bash
mkdir /tmp/mainnet-registry
cargo run --package multiservice-discovery -- --targets-dir /tmp/mainnet-registry
curl -L -v http://localhost:8000/prom/targets > targets.json

# Check number of targets:
jq -r '[.[] | .targets[]] | length' targets.json

# List unique jobs:
jq -r '.[].labels.job' targets.json | sort -u

# List unique subnets:
jq -r '.[].labels.ic_subnet'  targets.json | sort -u

> ```

Reviewer 2: Is there a particular reason why we use prom format here? Feels like our format for displaying targets is more natural and a must-have feature while this is just a convenience that we added.

Author: Probably not needed anymore when we switch to public dashboard API
